#### **To the client:**

One way in which this software will be beneficial to the client is by allowing the client's customers to view their account, deposit and withdraw money from it without needing to queue up at the manned cashier inside the bank. This means that the bank is generally going to be less congested with customers at any given time, because they can use the software instead. The bank being less congested is a benefit because the workers inside the bank can prioritise helping people with other more complicated issues and matters, such as dealing with mortgages or loans, rather than simply viewing account statements, withdrawing and depositing money. Another way this software will help the client is by reducing the security threat at the bank. If less people are withdrawing cash over the counter or bringing cash to the bank to deposit, there is less risk of theft at the bank as less people are carrying large sums of money to and from the bank, therefore meaning that the bank is less of a security risk. This makes the bank a safer place for its workers and customers alike.

#### To the end user:

One benefit of the software to the user is that it would allow them to view their account, deposit or withdraw money at any time as long as they have access to the software, without having to go to their bank and queue up. This is much more convenient and saves them a lot of time. Furthermore, the shorter queues at the bank discussed above is also a benefit to the user because if they have any complex issues or need help with other things such as loans, the queue at the bank is going to be a shorter wait, again saving them time. Finally, it is also very convenient because it means that users can use its functions beyond the opening times of the bank branches. For example, most banks in London close at around 5pm. Therefore it may be difficult for most workers to access their bank's services as they are working during working hours. However, this software solves that issue as it could be accessed and used 24 hours a day.

#### To the business:

Firstly, having all of the benefits to the user as stated above gives the business a potential unique selling point: if a particular bank has more advanced software with capabilities to the user such as those provided by this application, users are more likely to choose to bank with that bank over their competitors who do not. The more users that a bank has, the more money that bank has to trade and deal with at any given time, which means that the bank could potentially invest more money and generate more profit in a given period. Furthermore, the reduced security risk at each branch means that the bank may cut down on security costs by hiring less security personnel, for example, hence reducing operational costs and therefore increasing net profits. Also, having the application as an alternative to using the cashier desk would mean that the bank may need to employ fewer employees to work at the cashier desks at each branch, further reducing operational costs and increasing net profit, which could then be invested in other parts of the business to generate more revenue and potentially net profit.



